Add non-alnum names to planned enhancements (#362)
AY2324S2-CS2103T-T17-3/tp: docs/DeveloperGuide.md

1. **Allow for more flexible weight management**

    The current implementation of tracking clients' weights only allows users to add, modify or delete the latest weight value at the current date and time. We plan to make this feature more flexible by allowing users to add/modify a client's weight at a specified date and time of their choice.

> 1. **Provide more specific error messages**

Reviewer: Does changing all the numbering to 1s here work? It does not seem to be rendering properly on the Jekyll website

![image](https://github.com/AY2324S2-CS2103T-T17-3/tp/assets/44436551/811d3854-1154-40d0-bc59-7df0855ad6e4)

Author: Yep I noticed that too, it works now because I indented the text under each point.

1. **Better keyboard navigation support**

    For advanced users, we can provide a better keyboard navigation experience by making the element being selected with `Tab` clearer. We also plan to remove unnecessary `Tab` presses between elements of interest. e.g. to get from the command input box to the client list requires 2 `Tab`s even though the user cannot interact with the result response box.

1. **Adaptive client list entries**

    The client list will always show the most important information at a glance. To reduce clutter, each entry of the client list will only show the following fields, each in a single line.
      * Name
      * Tags
      * Phone Number

    Fields that exceed the length of the line would be truncated. Complete information can always be viewed in the client details panel.

1. **Restrict the number of weight entries per day to 1**

    Since a client's weight won't change much within a day, we can restrict the number of weight entries per day to 1. Having multiple weight entries within a day would also distort the weight-tracking graph.

> 1. **Allow names containing non-alphanumeric characters**
> 
>     Clients may have non-English names, or whose legal names contain non-alphanumeric characters. We should allow users to enter names that contain non-alphanumeric characters to make FitBook more inclusive.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. **Allow names containing non-alphanumeric characters**

    Clients may have non-English names, or whose legal names contain non-alphanumeric characters. We should allow users to enter names that contain non-alphanumeric characters to make FitBook more inclusive.
    
1. **Implement usage of escape characters to allow input of prefixes into certain fields**

    Users might want to enter keywords that coincides with the prefixes to be used with commands such as `note`, `address` or `fitadd`. For example, `add n/Tom p/123 a/LazyTown p/o box number 999` is currently not allowed as `p/` in `p/o` is treated as a prefix for phone number. Hence, we intend to implement the usage escape characters to allow for such inputs.
```

Added another planned enhancement for escape characters

1. **Adaptive client list entries**

    The client list will always show the most important information at a glance. To reduce clutter, each entry of the client list will only show the following fields, each in a single line.
      * Name
      * Tags
      * Phone Number

    Fields that exceed the length of the line would be truncated. Complete information can always be viewed in the client details panel.

1. **Restrict the number of weight entries per day to 1**

    Since a client's weight won't change much within a day, we can restrict the number of weight entries per day to 1. Having multiple weight entries within a day would also distort the weight-tracking graph.

1. **Allow names containing non-alphanumeric characters**

    Clients may have non-English names, or whose legal names contain non-alphanumeric characters. We should allow users to enter names that contain non-alphanumeric characters to make FitBook more inclusive.
    
1. **Implement usage of escape characters to allow input of prefixes into certain fields**

>     Users might want to enter keywords that coincides with the prefixes to be used with commands such as `note`, `address` or `fitadd`. For example, `add n/Tom p/123 a/LazyTown p/o box number 999` is currently not allowed as `p/` in `p/o` is treated as a prefix for phone number. Hence, we intend to implement the usage escape characters to allow for such inputs.

Author: ```suggestion
    Users might want to enter text in certain fields (e.g. `note`, `address`) that coincide with the prefixes for other attributes. For example, `add n/Tom p/123 a/LazyTown p/o box number 999` is currently not allowed as `p/` in `p/o` is treated as a prefix for phone number. Hence, we intend to implement the usage of escape characters to allow for such inputs.
```
